welcome to healthy news one two three
here are the ingredients for the popular
Thai soup called hot and sour cream soup
water fish sauce lemongrass ginger bird
side chilli coriander leaves lime lime
leaves grape tomatoes shrimp and straw
mushrooms and after preparation we have
one and a half cups of water two sizes
of ginger one stock lemongrass only keep
the 5 centimeter length of the bottom
part and bruise it to line leaves torn
in half 1/2 cup of canid straw mushrooms
rinsed and drained and cut in half 2 TSP
lime juice 20 mere liter of fish sauce 1
broadside chili
seeded and sliced 4 great tomatoes cut
in half 8 shrimp peeled and deveined and
coriander leaves for garnish for a list
of ingredients check out the About
section first in a pot add in the water
ginger lemongrass and lime leaves bring
it to a boil over medium heat once
boiled add in the mushrooms lime juice
and fish sauce
uncovered let it cook for five minutes
next adding the chili and the tomatoes
let it cook for another five minutes now
remove the pot from the heat add in the
shrimp and let it stand for five minutes
until the shrimp is cooked
serve hot with steamed rice and garnish
with coriander leaves for more new
recipes click subscribe thanks for
watching see you in the next recipe